How is this possible?
A villa in Qingfeng Villa is worth over 100 million yuan
And it's not something you can buy with money
And that pair of jade ruyi is also priceless
Grandpa, these things are too expensive
This was meant for you, Dad
How did grandpa get so rich?
A random gift is worth over a billion yuan.
Grandpa is too biased
Fortunately he is biased
Otherwise, you will be deceived.
It's you, second sister.
What do you mean?
You know something?
This Holy Golden Jade Ruyi
It is the heirloom of my Jiang family
It was just given to the chairperson of Huacan Group.
In exchange for project cooperation
In a blink of an eye, the old man took this holy
Jinyu Ruyi took it out
It's not fake. What is it?
Shengjinyu Ruyi is in Huacan Group
This is fake.
Then the others must be fake too.
You two are also grandchildren for this poor self-esteem
Holding fakes and overcharging
So shameless
Then widen your dog eyes and see clearly
Is Li Ruyi real or fake?